Examples

Build on the basic template above with Bootstrap's many components. We encourage you to customize and adapt Bootstrap to suit your individual project's needs.
Using the framework
Starter template example
Starter template

Nothing but the basics: compiled CSS and JavaScript along with a container.
Bootstrap theme example
Bootstrap theme

Load the optional Bootstrap theme for a visually enhanced experience.
Multiple grids example
Grids

Multiple examples of grid layouts with all four tiers, nesting, and more.
Jumbotron example
Jumbotron

Build around the jumbotron with a navbar and some basic grid columns.
Narrow jumbotron example
Narrow jumbotron

Build a more custom page by narrowing the default container and jumbotron.
Navbars in action
Navbar example
Navbar

Super basic template that includes the navbar along with some additional content.
Static top navbar example
Static top navbar

Super basic template with a static top navbar along with some additional content.
Fixed navbar example
Fixed navbar

Super basic template with a fixed top navbar along with some additional content.
Custom components
A one-page template example
Cover

A one-page template for building simple and beautiful home pages.
Carousel example
Carousel

Customize the navbar and carousel, then add some new components.
Blog layout example
Blog

Simple two-column blog layout with custom navigation, header, and type.
Dashboard example
Dashboard

Basic structure for an admin dashboard with fixed sidebar and navbar.
Sign-in page example
Sign-in page

Custom form layout and design for a simple sign in form.
Justified nav example
Justified nav

Create a custom navbar with justified links. Heads up! Not too Safari friendly.
Sticky footer example
Sticky footer

Attach a footer to the bottom of the viewport when the content is shorter than it.
Sticky footer with navbar example
Sticky footer with navbar

Attach a footer to the bottom of the viewport with a fixed navbar at the top.
Experiments
Non-responsive example
Non-responsive Bootstrap

Easily disable the responsiveness of Bootstrap per our docs.
Off-canvas navigation example
Off-canvas

Build a toggleable off-canvas navigation menu for use with Bootstrap.
Tools
Bootlint

Bootlint is the official Bootstrap HTML linter tool. It automatically checks for several common HTML mistakes in webpages that are using Bootstrap in a fairly "vanilla" way. Vanilla Bootstrap's components/widgets require their parts of the DOM to conform to certain structures. Bootlint checks that instances of Bootstrap components have correctly-structured HTML. Consider adding Bootlint to your Bootstrap web development toolchain so that none of the common mistakes slow down your project's development.
Community

Stay up to date on the development of Bootstrap and reach out to the community with these helpful resources.

Read and subscribe to The Official Bootstrap Blog.
Chat with fellow Bootstrappers using IRC in the irc.freenode.net server, in the ##bootstrap channel.
For help using Bootstrap, ask on StackOverflow using the tag twitter-bootstrap-3.
Developers should use the keyword bootstrap on packages which modify or add to the functionality of Bootstrap when distributing through npm or similar delivery mechanisms for maximum discoverability.
Find inspiring examples of people building with Bootstrap at the Bootstrap Expo.

You can also follow @getbootstrap on Twitter for the latest gossip and awesome music videos.
Disabling responsiveness

Bootstrap automatically adapts your pages for various screen sizes. Here's how to disable this feature so your page works like this non-responsive example.
Steps to disable page responsiveness

Omit the viewport <meta> mentioned in the CSS docs
Override the width on the .container for each grid tier with a single width, for example width: 970px !important; Be sure that this comes after the default Bootstrap CSS. You can optionally avoid the !important with media queries or some selector-fu.
If using navbars, remove all navbar collapsing and expanding behavior.
For grid layouts, use .col-xs-* classes in addition to, or in place of, the medium/large ones. Don't worry, the extra-small device grid scales to all resolutions.

You'll still need Respond.js for IE8 (since our media queries are still there and need to be processed). This disables the "mobile site" aspects of Bootstrap.
Bootstrap template with responsiveness disabled

We've applied these steps to an example. Read its source code to see the specific changes implemented.

